Update documentation and template for reviewers about tests (#203)
pyOpenSci/software-peer-review: appendices/review-template.md

- [ ] **Installation:** Installation succeeds as documented.
- [ ] **Functionality:** Any functional claims of the software been confirmed.
- [ ] **Performance:** Any performance claims of the software been confirmed.
- [ ] **Automated tests:** 

>   - [ ] All tests pass on the local machine for the version corresponding to the submitted version or tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] All tests pass on the reviewer's local machine for the package version submitted by the author. Ideally this should be a tagged version making it easy for reviewers to install.
```
